Improve workflows of Ansible roles (#1472)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_configuring-your-deployment-to-run-ansible-roles.adoc

[options="nowrap" subs="+quotes,attributes"]
----
# {foreman-installer} --enable-foreman-plugin-ansible \
--enable-foreman-proxy-plugin-ansible
----
endif::[]

[id="Ansible-paths_{context}"]
.Ansible paths

{Project} imports Ansible roles and variables from paths based on configuration in `/etc/ansible/ansible.cfg`.
{Project} then runs imported roles from paths based on configuration in `/etc/foreman-proxy/ansible.cfg`.
In both cases, {Project} reads the paths from `roles_path` and `collections_path` directives.

> You should keep these two cfg files in sync, otherwise you might import roles that cannot be run or you will not see roles you can run.

Reviewer: IBM style guide recommends not using "should". Can you please reword this if possible?

I guess saying "keep them in sync or bad things happen" is OK.

If none of the paths are specified in the configuration files, the following default paths are used:

> - `/etc/ansible/roles`, `/usr/share/ansible/roles`

Reviewer: two things: a) can you use "*" to define the list and b) can you do "one path per line"?

- `/etc/ansible/collections`, `/usr/share/ansible/collections`

.Procedure

. Configure your xref:Ansible-paths_{context}[] on the {ProjectServer} and all {SmartProxies} where you want to use the roles.
. Add the roles to a directory in an xref:Ansible-paths_{context}[Ansible path] on the {ProjectServer} and all {SmartProxies} from where you want to use the roles.

> If you want to use custom or third party Ansible roles, ensure to configure an external version control system to synchronize roles between {ProjectServer} and {SmartProxies}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to use custom or third party Ansible roles, ensure to configure an external version control system to synchronize roles between {ProjectServer} and {SmartProxyServer}s.
```

endif::[]

[id="Ansible-paths_{context}"]
.Ansible paths

{Project} imports Ansible roles and variables from paths based on configuration in `/etc/ansible/ansible.cfg`.
{Project} then runs imported roles from paths based on configuration in `/etc/foreman-proxy/ansible.cfg`.

> In both cases, {Project} reads the paths from `roles_path` and `collections_path` directives.

Reviewer 2: Maybe last comment, we should recommend the user to keep thes two cfg files in sync, otherwise they will import roles that can't be ran or they will not see roles they can run. Otherwise :+1: from me
